Test case documentation:


Test Case 1: Basic functions for alarmclock
Expected: The scheduled alarm fires as planned

1. Run program and schedule an alarm.

2. Wait for the appropriate amount of time until the alarm is designateded to fire

3. Confirm that the alarm fires with correct ringtone and response.

4. Check list to confirm that it is gone

5. Exit program by pressing "x"


Test Case 2: Catching zombies
Expected: When program is exited the children node are killed and when we open program afterwards there should be no lingering "zombies"
1. Run program and schedule an alarm.

2. Wait for the appropriate amount of time until the alarm is designateded to fire

3. Confirm that the alarm fires with correct ringtone and response. This should also kill the child.

4. Confirm there are no zombie process left.


Test Case 3: Canceling alarms
Expected: Canceling the alarm when given appropriate id

1. Run program and press "s" to schedule an alarm at a arbitrary time. 

2. Press "l" to list alarms. We observe that the newly scheduled alarm is in the list over alarms and confirm it is active.

3. Press "c" and input the index of the alarm in the beforementioned list to cancel the alarm

4. Press "l" one more time to see the list og alarms again. Observe that the appropriate alarm was removed from the list of active alarms.

Now we can test how the program responds when we cancel an alarm that does not exist:

5. Press "c" and cancel a non-existing alarm. Observe that we get the appropriate feedback.


Test Case 4: Scheduling more alarms than the fixed array size
Expected: When the array is full and we schedule a new alarm the newly made alarm should wrap around to the beginning of the array.

Currently, the array of alarms are of a fixed size of 3.

1. Schedule 3 arbitrary alarms. For every time we schedule a new alarm we check that the array is being filled up by looking at list.

2. Now the array should be full. We schedule another alarm and observe that it indeed warps arount to the beginning of the array.

